this play button let's use a piece
of cardboard we will cut a rectangle what
we mark
and of course we cut it here
cut this off we just have to
round the corners
this is in accordance with the result
they are going to take a piece of rubber to carry a
little bigger of course color
red or the color they want all the
cardboard and they will mark their outline
let's do the outline
and we cut
to
perfect now let's go back to the cardboard to
we will stick a piece of white paper a
slightly smaller than the Carton
we will fix with glue in bar
and this will serve for the final effect
let's see with this small piece of cardboard
stone let's draw a triangle not
it necessarily has to be perfect
when you agree of course cut out
all of that now they simply place the
cardboard triangle in the center of this
more or less out there and what brand
and we cut it with this
has been cut only we removed the
triangle left and is as alive the
we are going to paste on the cardboard that
we have prepared and we paste it
course with our glue in bar
they have already finished their play button is
too simple in fact very difficult
wrong now the only thing they have
what to do to be able to paste what is
next we flipped it and in the part of
back we stick a couple of masking strips
we wind up like this for the part of the
glue there is another here and we are already
ready to stick it
to
ah
but they are more than 30
enough very easy to do very simple
and as a decorative element you can not see
they can also vary and they can place the
scope button the pause button with the
same technique can do a lot of
things now if you want to go back to the video
of the first times apart
health for you
greetings for Monday
for camila 2003 a greeting for javier
valdez for martín was going out to many and
for the way it was out muñoz meets
to hug this pair of brothers a
greeting to jump forward he did this
he made the video with all his
details that remained will involve ideas in
art themes thank you very much for this that
pass you Sandra thank you so much we see
beautiful hug to retake the a of
argetina for benjamin days a kiss
to type they are for Javier Saavedra
giant hug for the girl with the hair
and finally a kiss for sorrows
cave I hope we have been no
only pending good if we were left
some for a next video there will be more to
all always for greetings so no
worry would be all for now and
then be a next video